Docs 6444 3.9 connector docs (#971)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/servicenow-connector.adoc

= ServiceNow Connector 4.0 - Mule 3
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

> Anypoint Connector for ServiceNow facilitates connections between Mule integration and ServiceNow applications. The ServiceNow connector currently provides access to standard tables in the ServiceNow database, enabling you to perform the following set of operations on them: Insert, Delete Record, Delete Multiple, Update, Get, Get Keys, and Get Record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for ServiceNow (ServiceNow Connector) facilitates connections between Mule integration and ServiceNow applications. The ServiceNow connector currently provides access to standard tables in the ServiceNow database, enabling you to perform Insert, Delete Record, Delete Multiple, Update, Get, Get Keys, and Get Record operations on them.
```

Release Notes: xref:release-notes::connector/servicenow-connector-release-notes.adoc[ServiceNow Connector Release Notes] +
Reference: https://mulesoft.github.io/mule-servicenow-connector[ServiceNow Connector Reference]

== Prerequisites

> This document assumes that you are familiar with ServiceNow, Mule, xref:anypoint-connectors.adoc[Anypoint connectors], and the xref:6@studio::index.adoc[Anypoint Studio interface]. To increase your familiarity with Studio, consider completing one or more xref:6@studio::basic-studio-tutorial.adoc[Anypoint Studio Tutorials]. Further, this page assumes that you have a basic understanding of xref:mule-concepts.adoc[Mule flows] and xref:global-elements.adoc[Mule Global Elements].

Reviewer: ditto GLOBAL edit, to template as well: reword all instances of "this document assumes":
```suggestion
You are familiar with ServiceNow, Mule runtime engine, xref:anypoint-connectors.adoc[Anypoint Connectors], and the xref:6@studio::index.adoc[Anypoint Studio interface]. To increase your familiarity with Studio, consider completing one or more xref:6@studio::basic-studio-tutorial.adoc[Anypoint Studio Tutorials]. Further, you have a basic understanding of xref:mule-concepts.adoc[Mule flows] and xref:global-elements.adoc[Mule Global Elements].
```
You could also begin with "To use this documentation, you must be familiar with...," but the title Prerequisites enables you to launch right in with "You are familiar with..." as well.

> == To Install this Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== To Install This Connector
```
